Take a shot.
Take a shot and spin again.
Gift a shot.
Do one buddy shot.
Oldest bean in the Game takes a shot.
Youngest bean in the Game takes a shot.
Every bean that has ever ERP'd takes a shot.
Beans that identify as Male take a shot.
Beans that identify as Female take a shot.
Beans that are in Male avatars take a shot.
Beans that are in Female avatars take a shot.
Beans who have siblings take a shot.
Beans who are the only child in their family take a shot.
Beans that are wearing black takes a shot (VRChat and/or IRL).
Beans that are wearing white takes a shot (VRChat and/or IRL).
Beans that are wearing blue takes a shot (VRChat and/or IRL).
Beans that wear glasses takes a shot (VRChat and/or IRL).
Beans with tattoos take a shot (VRChat and/or IRL).
Beans who are in VR take a shot.
Beans who are in Desktop take a shot.
Beans who are a Questicle take a shot.
Beans that have ever attended Furality take a shot.
Beans who have attended a furry convention take a shot.
Beans with completely custom avatars take a shot.
Beans that can drive a manual transmission take a shot.
Beans that have owned a motorcycle take a shot.
Furries take a shot.
Hoomans take a shot.
Beans with wings take a shot.
Beans whose birthday is on January take a shot.
Beans whose birthday is on February take a shot.
Beans whose birthday is on March take a shot.
Beans whose birthday is on April take a shot.
Beans whose birthday is on May take a shot.
Beans whose birthday is on June take a shot.
Beans whose birthday is on July take a shot.
Beans whose birthday is on August take a shot.
Beans whose birthday is on September take a shot.
Beans whose birthday is on October take a shot.
Beans whose birthday is on November take a shot.
Beans whose birthday is on December take a shot.
Beans who joined the instance in the last 10 minutes take a shot.
Beans who are basically half-naked take a shot (VRChat and/or IRL).
Beans who have no skin showing take a shot (VRChat and/or IRL).
Beans wearing headphones take a shot.
Beans with horns take a shot.
Beans with piercings take a shot.
Beans who have over 2,000 hours in VRChat take a shot.
Beans who have over 3,000 hours in VRChat take a shot.
Beans who have over 4,000 hours in VRChat take a shot.
Beans who have over 5,000 hours in VRChat take a shot... and spin again.
Beans with half-body tracking take a shot.
Beans with full-body tracking take a shot.
Beans wil Eye tracking take a shot.
Beans with Mouth tracking take a shot.
Beans with Full-face tracking take a shot.
Beans with VR gloves take a shot.
Beans with VR... treadmills take a shot?
Beans that are not drinking take a shot.
Beans who have VRC+ take a shot.
Beans who have recently changed avatars take a shot.
Beans wearing hats take a shot.
Beans wearing hoodies take a shot.
Beans wearing shorts take a shot.
Beans with long hair take a shot.
Beans with short hair take a shot.
Beans with colorful hair take a shot.
Beans with scars on their avatar take a shot.
Beans with glowing eyes take a shot.
Beans with armor take a shot.
Beans with kemono avatars take a shot.
Beans with realistic avatars take a shot.
Beans with military avatars take a shot.
Beans with anime avatars take a shot.
Beans with dragon avatars take a shot.
Beans with wolf avatars take a shot.
Beans with fox avatars take a shot.
Beans with cat avatars take a shot.
Beans with canine avatars take a shot.
Beans with bird avatars take a shot.
Beans with aquatic avatars take a shot.
Beans with more than one tail take a shot.
Beans with giant ears take a shot.
The tallest bean in the Game take a shot.
The shortest bean in the Game take a shot.
Beans using a Valve Index take a shot.
Beans using a Steam Deck take a shot.
Beans using a... phone... take a shot and spin again...
Beans using a Quest take a shot.
Beans using a Vive take a shot.
Beans who own a Bigscreen Beyond take a shot.
Beans who built their own PC take a shot.
Beans who have over 500 friends in VRChat take a shot.
Beans who have over 1,00 friends in VRChat take a shot... and spin again.
Beans that are Single take a shot :(.
Beans that are Taken take a shot :(.
Beans that are Poly take a shot :(.
Beans that are Straight... take a shot and spin again...
Beans that are Bisexual take a shot.
Beans that are Gay take a shot.
Beans that are Pansexual take a shot.
Beans that are Lesbians take a shot.
Beans that are Asexual take a shot.
Beans that are Genderfluid take a shot.
Beans who own a dog take a shot.
Beans who own a cat take a shot.
Beans who own a bird take a shot.
Beans who play rhythm games take a shot.
Beans who play FPS games take a shot.
Beans who play MMOs take a shot.
Beans who play horror games take a shot.
Beans who play racing games take a shot.
Beans who play VRChat every week take a shot.
Beans who play VRChat everyday... take a shot... and spin again.
Beans who slept in VR take a shot.
Beans who skipped breakfast today take a shot.
Beans who skipped lunch today take a shot.
Beans who skipped dinner today take a shot.
Beans drinking water take a shot.
Beans drinking soda take a shot.
Beans drinking coffee take a shot.
Beans drinking tea take a shot.
Beans drinking energy drinks take a shot.
Beans drinking mixed alcohol take a shot.
Beans with SPS on their avatars... take a shot.
Beans with PCS on their avatars... take a shot.
Beans with Marshmallow PB on their avatars... take a shot.
Beans who have traveled Domestically take a shot.
Beans who have traveled Internationally take a shot.
Beans who showered today take a shot.
Beans who still need to shower today take a shot.
Beans who hit the gym take a shot.
Beans who work at home take a shot.
Beans who work a desk job take a shot.
Beans who work retail take a shot.
Beans who are self-employed take a shot.
Beans who work Blue-collar take a shot.
Beans who work White-collar take a shot.

















