Take a shot.
Take a shot and spin again.
Spinner gifts a shot.
Spinner gifts two beans with a shot.
Spinner gifts three beans with a shot.
Trade shots with another bean.
Every bean trade shots with another bean.
Read the next prompt lol.
Everyone take a shot.
Everyone except the spinner takes a shot.
Oldest bean in the Game takes a shot.
Youngest bean in the Game takes a shot.
Every bean that has ever ERP'd takes a shot.
Beans that identify as Male take a shot.
Beans that identify as Female take a shot.
Beans that are in Male avatars take a shot.
Beans that are in Female avatars take a shot.
Beans who have siblings take a shot.
Beans who are the only child in their family take a shot.
Beans that are wearing black take a shot (VRChat and/or IRL).
Beans that are wearing white take a shot (VRChat and/or IRL).
Beans that are wearing blue take a shot (VRChat and/or IRL).
Beans that wear glasses takes a shot (VRChat and/or IRL).
Beans with tattoos take a shot (VRChat and/or IRL).
Beans who are in VR take a shot.
Beans who are in Desktop take a shot.
Beans who are a Questicle take a shot.
Beans that have ever attended Furality take a shot.
Beans who have attended a furry convention take a shot.
Beans with completely custom avatars take a shot.
Beans that can drive a manual transmission take a shot.
Beans that have owned a motorcycle take a shot.
Furries take a shot.
Hoomans take a shot.
Beans with wings take a shot.
Beans whose birthday is on January take a shot.
Beans whose birthday is on February take a shot.
Beans whose birthday is on March take a shot.
Beans whose birthday is on April take a shot.
Beans whose birthday is on May take a shot.
Beans whose birthday is on June take a shot.
Beans whose birthday is on July take a shot.
Beans whose birthday is on August take a shot.
Beans whose birthday is on September take a shot.
Beans whose birthday is on October take a shot.
Beans whose birthday is on November take a shot.
Beans whose birthday is on December take a shot.
Beans who joined the instance in the last 10 minutes take a shot.
Beans who are basically half-naked take a shot (VRChat and/or IRL).
Beans who have no skin showing take a shot (VRChat and/or IRL).
Beans wearing headphones take a shot.
Beans with horns take a shot.
Beans with piercings take a shot.
Beans who have over 2,000 hours in VRChat take a shot.
Beans who have over 3,000 hours in VRChat take a shot.
Beans who have over 4,000 hours in VRChat take a shot.
Beans who have over 5,000 hours in VRChat take a shot... and spin again.
Beans with half-body tracking take a shot.
Beans with full-body tracking take a shot.
Beans with Eye tracking take a shot.
Beans with Mouth tracking take a shot.
Beans with Full-face tracking take a shot.
Beans with VR gloves take a shot.
Beans with VR... treadmills take a shot?
Beans that are not drinking take a shot.
Beans who have VRC+ take a shot.
Beans who have recently changed avatars take a shot.
Beans wearing hats take a shot.
Beans wearing hoodies take a shot.
Beans wearing shorts take a shot.
Beans with long hair take a shot.
Beans with short hair take a shot.
Beans with colorful hair take a shot.
Beans with scars on their avatar take a shot.
Beans with glowing eyes take a shot.
Beans with armor take a shot.
Beans with kemono avatars take a shot.
Beans with realistic avatars take a shot.
Beans with military avatars take a shot.
Beans with anime avatars take a shot.
Beans with dragon avatars take a shot.
Beans with wolf avatars take a shot.
Beans with fox avatars take a shot.
Beans with cat avatars take a shot.
Beans with canine avatars take a shot.
Beans with bird avatars take a shot.
Beans with aquatic avatars take a shot.
Beans with bunny avatars take a shot
Beans with deer avatars take a shot.
Beans with Mommy avatars take a shot.
Beans with Daddy avatars take a shot.
Beans with raccoon avatars take a shot.
Beans with opossum avatars take a shot.
Beans with protogen avatars take a shot.
Beans with avali avatars take a shot.
Beans with more than one tail take a shot.
Beans with giant ears take a shot.
The tallest bean in the Game takes a shot.
The shortest bean in the Game takes a shot.
Beans using a Valve Index take a shot.
Beans using a Steam Deck take a shot.
Beans using a... phone... take a shot and spin again...
Beans using a Quest take a shot.
Beans using a Vive take a shot.
Beans who own a Bigscreen Beyond take a shot.
Beans who built their own PC take a shot.
Beans who have over 500 friends in VRChat take a shot.
Beans who have over 1,000 friends in VRChat take a shot... and spin again.
Beans that are Single take a shot :(.
Beans that are Taken take a shot :(.
Beans that are Poly take a shot :(.
Beans that are Straight... take a shot and spin again...
Beans that are Bisexual take a shot.
Beans that are Gay take a shot.
Beans that are Pansexual take a shot.
Beans that are Lesbians take a shot.
Beans that are Asexual take a shot.
Beans that are Genderfluid take a shot.
Beans who own a dog take a shot.
Beans who own a cat take a shot.
Beans who own a bird take a shot.
Beans who play rhythm games take a shot.
Beans who play FPS games take a shot.
Beans who play MMOs take a shot.
Beans who play horror games take a shot.
Beans who play racing games take a shot.
Beans who play VRChat every week take a shot.
Beans who play VRChat everyday... take a shot... and spin again.
Beans who slept in VR take a shot.
Beans who skipped breakfast today take a shot.
Beans who skipped lunch today take a shot.
Beans who skipped dinner today take a shot.
Beans drinking water take a shot.
Beans drinking soda take a shot.
Beans drinking coffee take a shot.
Beans drinking tea take a shot.
Beans drinking energy drinks take a shot.
Beans drinking mixed alcohol take a shot.
Beans with SPS on their avatars... take a shot.
Beans with PCS on their avatars... take a shot.
Beans with Marshmallow PB on their avatars... take a shot.
Beans who have traveled Domestically take a shot.
Beans who have traveled Internationally take a shot.
Beans who showered today take a shot.
Beans who still need to shower today take a shot.
Beans who hit the gym take a shot.
Beans who work at home take a shot.
Beans who work a desk job take a shot.
Beans who work retail take a shot.
Beans who are self-employed take a shot.
Beans who work Blue-collar take a shot.
Beans who work White-collar take a shot.
Beans who have a Discord server take a shot.
Beans who are a Discord moderator take a shot.
Beans who stream on Twitch take a shot.
Beans who upload to YouTube take a shot.
Beans who create TikToks take a shot.
Beans who have broken a VR controller take a shot.
Beans who have eaten while wearing their headset take a shot.
Beans who have forgotten they were muted take a shot.
Beans who have forgotten they weren't muted take a shot.
Beans who can do Unity take a shot.
Beans who can do Blender take a shot.
Beans who can do Substance Painter take a shot.
Beans who have been blocked take a shot.
Beans who have commissioned artwork take a shot.
Beans who have been kicked from a world take a shot.
Beans who have been vote-kicked take a shot.
Beans that can dance take a shot.
Beans who have fursuits take a shot.
Beans who don't have a fursuit take a shot.
Beans wearing collars take a shot.
Beans wearing chokers take a shot.
Beans with digitigrade legs take a shot.
Beans who play on PlayStation take a shot.
Beans who play on Xbox take a shot.
Beans who play on Nintendo Switch take a shot.
Beans who have broken a keyboard or controller take a shot.
Last bean to raise their paw takes a shot.
The floor is lava! Last bean to not touch the floor takes a shot.
Last bean that runs to the car takes a shot.
Beans who are over 6'0" IRL take a shot.
Beans who are under 5'5" IRL take a shot.
Beans older than 25 take a shot.
Beans older than 30 take a shot.
Beans older than 40 take a shot.
Beans ages 18-21... drink water.
Beans who owns a Dakimakura take a shot.
Beans who can cook take a shot.
Beans who cannot cook take a shot.
Beans who like pineapple on pizza take a shot.
Beans who hate pineapple on pizza take a shot.
Beans who like spicy food take a shot.
Beans who hate spicy food take a shot.
Beans who sleep with socks on take a shot.
Beans who sleep with socks off take a shot.
Beans who sleep with stuffed animals take a shot.
Beans who have gone skydiving take a shot.
Beans who have gone camping take a shot.
Beans who have gone fishing take a shot.
Beans who have gone hiking take a shot.
Beans who have gone snowboarding take a shot.
Beans who have broken a bone take a shot.
Beans who have had stitches take a shot.
Beans who have ridden in an ambulance take a shot.
Beans who have called in sick to play games take a shot.
Beans who have skipped class to play games take a shot.
Beans who have skipped work to play games take a shot.
Beans who have gone to a concert take a shot.
Beans who can play an instrument take a shot.
Beans who are left-handed take a shot.
Beans who are right-handed take a shot.
Beans who are ambidextrous... take a shot and spin again.
Beans who have over 5 unread Discord DMs take a shot.
Beans who have over 10 unread Discord DMs take a shot.
Beans who have over 15 unread Discord DMs... take a shot... and spin again.
Beans who have never played this game before take a shot.
Beans who have DJ'd in VRChat take a shot.
Beans who own more than one car take a shot.
Beans who drive an SUV take a shot.
Beans who drive a truck take a shot.
Beans who drive a sports car take a shot.
Beans who drive a Tesla... take a shot... and spin again... twice.
Beans who have been pulled over take a shot.
Beans who have cried during a movie take a shot.
Beans who have cried during a video game take a shot.
Beans who have cried because of a song take a shot.
Beans who have met another bean here in real life take a shot.
Beans who have driven to a furry convention take a shot.
Beans who have been to Japan take a shot.
Beans who have been to Europe take a shot.
Beans who have been to Canada take a shot.
Beans who own more than 10 plushies take a shot.
Beans who are wearing a NSFW avatar take a shot.
Beans who are wearing a SFW avatar take a shot.
Beans who are wearing a public avatar take a shot.
Beans who are wearing a private avatar take a shot.
Beans who still use Facebook take a shot.
Beans who still use X (Twitter) take a shot.
Beans who have Tiktok take a shot.
Beans who have Instagram take a shot.
Beans who have dated in VR and meet IRL take a shot.
Beans who can snap their fingers take a shot.
Beans who can roll their tongue take a shot.
Beans who have more than two monitors take a shot.
Beans who have more than three monitors... take a shot... and spin again.
Beans who never gotten a driver's license take a shot.
Beans who have been on a cruise take a shot.
Beans who have over 1,000 songs liked on Spotify take a shot.
Beans who have ever locked their keys in their car take a shot.
What is on your bucket list?
What is your favorite book?
How do you want to be remembered?
What’s the strangest text you’ve ever received?
How much does your personality change when you’re around different people?
What’s the sweetest thing someone has done for you?
Do you believe in having one best friend?
What do you think is the most annoying quality a person can have?
Who do you think shouldn’t be a celebrity?
Can you describe your first kiss?
Who's your cartoon character crush?
What’s the worst holiday in your opinion?
Do you think 70 degree Fahrenheit (21 degrees Celsius) is Hot, Warm, or Cold?
What is a life lesson you had to learn the hard way?
Live for today or plan for tomorrow?
Fall in love fast or take your time?
Big wedding or elope?
Do you believe in magic?
What’s your love language?
Have you ever been bullied? Or were you the bully?
Out of all your family members, who are you closest to?
What's the worst you've ever been physically hurt?
What's the worst you've ever been emotionally hurt?
If you could only have three things on your life bucket list, what would they be?
If you choose to get married one day, what would your dream proposal scenario be?
What’s the most loved you’ve ever felt?
Have you ever experienced a “friendship breakup”? What did it teach you?
Would you ever consider being in a long-distance relationship?
How did your parents meet?
Do you feel that you have a healthy relationship with social media?
Do you still know and talk to your school teachers to this day?
Do you believe in love at first sight?
What has your hardest goodbye in life been so far?
What’s something you’d consider unforgivable?
Have you ever had your fortune told?
Have you ever laughed so hard you almost passed out?
Where do you want to travel the most?
If you could only eat one thing for the rest of your life, what would it be?
You just won $100,000 — what are you going to do with the money?
If you had three wishes, what would you wish for?
Do you believe in aliens?
Do you believe in ghosts?
Do you believe in any superstitions?
If you were President, what's the first thing you would work to change in this country?
If you had to live in another time period, what would you choose?
What foreign language(s) would you want to master and why?
What’s your survival plan during a zombie apocalypse?
What was your first concert?
If a song played every time you entered a room, what would it be?
On vacation, are you the relax-by-the-pool type or a get-up-and-go adventurer?
If you could only listen to one singer or band for the rest of your life, who would you choose?
Do you love any particularly weird snack combinations?
What’s your favorite table top game to play?
Who’s the best movie villain?
Who's the best movie hero?
Who's the best movie anti-hero?
Do you have any phobias?
What are your top three biggest pet peeves?
What's your favorite color and what's your least favorite color?
Do you describe yourself as a competitive gaymer?
Do you describe yourself as a casual gaymer?
What’s a tough experience that you learned and grew from?
What’s your relationship with your family like?
Do you most often follow your heart or your head?
What's your absolute dream job?
If you could have a superpower, what would you choose?
What is your definition of success?
Are you a morning or night person?
Are you a coffee person or tea person?
What’s a bad habit you’re trying to break?
Are you an introvert or extrovert? ...Or ambivert?
Do you like to recharge alone or around other people?
In one year, what do you want in your life that you don't have now?
Can you describe your favorite birthday ever?
Do you prefer sweet or savory foods?
What are three quick things you're grateful for?
If you were stuck in one city for the rest of your life, where would you want that to be?
What was the scariest moment of your life?
What's the best piece of advice you've ever gotten, and when has it come in handy?
What's the first place you ever traveled to?
When was the last time you cried and why?
In your opinion, what makes a person strong?
In your opinion, what makes a person beautiful?
In your opinion, what makes a person spiteful?
Do you think you're taking care of yourself enough?
Can you list everything that you're looking for in a romantic partner?
Does change scare you?
What do you want the most out of in life?
What food do you absolutely despise?
Are you a realist, a pessimist, or an optimist?
Are you pro- or anti-clapping after a flight lands? Defend your stance.
Have you ever stolen anything?
Would you rather travel back in time or into the future?
What's your Myers-Briggs personality type?
If you want kids, what is the biggest lesson you want them to learn from you?
What book would you recommend to everyone?
Do you have any pets?
What is something you think is totally underrated?
Do you play or want to learn any musical instruments?
What do you like to listen to when you’re in the car?
Are you allergic to anything?
Do you like to go camping?
What’s your favorite podcast?
What toy did you never want to get rid of?
What did you want to be when you grew up?
What's your favorite subject in school?
What's your least favorite subject in school?
What's something you miss about being a kid?
Truth that hurts or lie that soothes?
Are you a stay-in person or go-out person?
Do you speak any languages other than English?
What was your first ever job?
What are you struggling to let go of?
Do you enjoy solo travel?
In which area do you need rest? (Physical, mental, spiritual, etc.)
If you had the chance to go to outer space, would you do it?
Minimalist or maximalist?
Saver or spender?
Vacation or staycation?
Silence or background noise?
Cocktail or mocktail?
Sweet, savory, or sour?
Non-spicy, Mild, or Spicy?
What do you value most in a friendship?
What's your biggest relationship green flag?
What's your biggest relationship red flag?
What's your ideal first date?
What's one piece of advice you'd give everyone here?
Do you prefer sunrise or sunset?
Have you ever met someone famous in VRChat?
What's the most cursed thing you've seen in VRChat?
What's your favorite public world?
What's the funniest avatar you've ever seen?
What's your favorite co-op game?
What's your favorite multiplayer game?
What's your favorite single-player game?
What's your favorite game soundtrack?
What's one game you wish you could experience again for the first time?
What's your favorite indie game?
What's the hardest game you've beaten?
What's one thing you're looking forward to this year?
What's your happiest memory?
What's a memory that always makes you laugh?
What's something you wish you had learned sooner?
What's the best decision you've ever made?
What's the worst decision you've ever made?
What achievement are you most proud of?
What's something you've always wanted to try?
What's your biggest fear about the future?
What gives you hope?
Are you more patient or impatient?
What's something you're stubborn about?
What's your biggest strength?
What's your biggest weakness?
What instantly puts you in a good mood?
What instantly ruins your mood?
Are you more organized or spontaneous?
Do you enjoy surprises?
What makes someone a good friend?
Have you ever reconnected with an old friend?
Do you believe in 2nd chances?
Would you rather have many friends or a few close friends?
What's the funniest movie you've ever seen?
What's the saddest movie you've ever seen?
What's your favorite family tradition?
What's something your parents taught you that you still live by?
Do you have a favorite family story?
What's something people often overlook in healthy relationships?
Do you think communication or trust is more important?
What's one romantic cliché you secretly like?
What's one romantic cliché you dislike?
What's one thing you think every relationship needs?
How important is having shared hobbies?
What's one game everyone should experience at least once?
Which game has the best soundtrack?
Which game has the best story?
Do you prefer road trips or flying?
What's one place you never want to visit again?
What's an unpopular opinion you have that people may disagree with?
What's a trend you hope disappears forever?
What's something that's underrated?
What's something that's overrated?
What's something people take way too seriously?
What's something you think people don't take seriously enough?
What's something you've changed your mind about in the last five years?
Would you become famous if it meant losing all privacy?
Would you take immortality?
Would you trade five years of your life for unlimited money?
Would you move to another country permanently?
What's one thing you wish schools actually taught?
Does a hotdog count as a sandwich?
Does cereal count as a soup?
Is water wet?
Toilet paper: over or under?
Pineapple on pizza: yes or no?
Is sleeping with socks on acceptable?
Does ketchup belong in the fridge?
What's the funniest thing you've seen someone do in a public world?
What's the weirdest world you've ever visited?
What's your biggest VRChat pet peeve?
What's one thing VRChat newcomers should know?
What's one thing VRChat veterans should stop doing?
What's your biggest "VRChat has changed" opinion?
What scares you more: failure or regret?
What's something you've forgiven but never forgotten?
What's something you wish people understood about mental health?
Do you think happiness is a choice?
What's something you've lost that changed you?
What's your worst autocorrect fail?
What's the dumbest injury you've ever had?
What's your most expensive mistake?
What's something you've Googled that sounds suspicious out of context?
Is it ever okay to lie to protect someone's feelings?
Would you rather always know the truth or always be happy?
If you found a wallet with $10,000 inside, what would you do?
Is revenge ever justified?
Would you expose your best friend if they committed a crime?
Is ignorance really bliss?
Do the ends justify the means?
Should people always be forgiven if they're genuinely sorry?
What's the most embarrassing thing you've said to the wrong person?
Have you ever waved back at someone who wasn't waving at you?
Have you ever sent a message to the wrong person?
Have you ever walked into the wrong room?
What's your biggest facepalm moment?
Do you trust people easily?
What's the quickest way to lose your trust?
What's something you judge people for?
What's something people judge you for?
Do first impressions matter?
Do people ever surprise you?
What's something you've completely misjudged?
What's something that should be free but isn't?
What's a job that deserves more respect?
What's a job that's harder than people realize?
What's something people spend too much money on?
What's something worth spending extra money on?
Can exes stay friends?
Is it okay to keep secrets in a relationship?
What's one thing people overthink in dating?
What's one dating trend you dislike?
Do you believe people can truly change?
What makes someone emotionally mature?
What's the saltiest you've ever been in a game?
What's the saltiest moment you've ever caused to aonhter player in a game?
What's something the internet has ruined?
What's something the internet has made better?
What's your most controversial food opinion?
What's one thing you'd bet money you're better at than everyone else here?
What's your biggest irrational purchase?
